Subtitles by DramaFever
I will announce the results of
the advertising campaign now.
175 votes for Geo Food Life.
207 votes for SH Food System.
As for Jung Family Corporation...
they got 638 votes.
And as for Strongest
Deliveryman Corporation...
they got 787 votes!
- Whoa!
- Yes!
The Strongest Deliveryman
Corporation has won the vote.
Thank you.
What do you think is the
reason why we lost?
Simply put, it seems that Strongest
Deliveryman's emotional marketing worked.
They planted the idea in people's
heads that they deliver
not only food, but kindness as well.
And the restaurant owners in
Restaurant Row
greeted customers
like they were family.
That much is in our
company's own manual, too!
It says in there that customers must be
greeted with genuine warmth
and not a forced, mechanical
sense of kindness!
So, why?
Why is it that our genuine feelings
could not be conveyed
while theirs were?
That's my question!
I want resignation letters from all the
Head Managers except Ms. Son Young Ah.
What?
None of you offered up any
creative ideas
except for Head Manager Son.
To put it simply
you all did not have an earnest
desire to win this fight!
I don't need people who
passively follow the manual
and do nothing else but
collect their paychecks!
Submit your resignation
letters immediately!
It's unfair of you to
fire us like this.
Report me, then!
I'll pay the fine!
Get out, all of you.
Eat up!
Yes!
Oh, you need to be rung up?
Did you enjoy the food?
Oh, yes, welcome!
Please take a seat here!
We also deliver, so please
use that service a lot, too!
[Lunch Special]
Ah, welcome!
- Yes, welcome!
- Here you are.
Thank you!
Did you enjoy your meal?
Yes, I did.
Oh, my wife loves this dish, too.
Then make a delivery order
to your home, too!
Our entire menu is there if you
open the "Strongest Deliveryman" app.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
- I'll do that, then!
- All right!
With figures like these,
we really have succeeded.
You're the best, CEO Choi.
- What?
- You said that we were successful.
But we haven't actually succeeded yet!
You just said that we're
pretty successful now, though!
Hey, the computer is acting weird!
Hey!
What's got you two so busy?
I had to eat lunch alone
with this guy again!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hurry up and give me your orders.
What do you guys want to eat?
Um... jjajangmyun.
- Two jjajangmyuns!
- Two jjajangmyuns, got it!
Two more jjajangmyun, please!
Say, "ah!"
Stop it--
So cute.
How far have you gone with
Mister, Ms. Dan Ah?
- Huh?
- Did you two kiss?
Oh, you did, didn't you!
Who kissed who first?
Ji Yoon!
I bet that's how it was.
Mister is really stone-faced
when he wants to be.
I went at him once, too,
and was utterly humiliated.
How many times did it take
for you to succeed?
Shut your mouth and eat your noodles.
Come on, Ms. Dan Ah!
It's not like we're animals!
Only human beings have the ability
to talk while they're eating.
What did you two do after you kissed?
Hey.
Why? I want to know, as reference.
I... I... I... I'm done eating.
Um, me too.
I'm.. I'm done.
Tell me, Ms. Dan Ah.
It's only us two now.
What'd you do after that?
Yeah, I want to know, too.
Thank you for the meal.
Why are you all leaving?
Sex is nothing to be embarrassed about!
Who am I supposed to ask about this?
We have many other businessmen
coming back to Restaurant Row now.
And not just the employees
from Sunjin Construction, either.
We have a lot of delivery
orders going out, too.
If we keep this up, we'll be able
to make more money than we'd projected
and even Strongest Deliveryman may be
able to make profits for the first time!
Ooh!
Let's hang in there for a bit longer.
If we get Jung Family out of here
I might be able to give you all a
bonus on top of your paychecks.
- Aw, yes!
- Yes!
All right, a round of applause for our
new employee, Oh Jin Kyu
who gave us a great idea!
Oh, stop it!
You're embarrassing me!
- Good boy.
- Jeez.
Why does he keep acting like that?
Our sales have dropped by 50 percent.
At this rate, the Jung Family Complex
may have a 300 million won deficit.
How much interest do we owe the banks
this month for our loans?
Including the 10 billion we
borrowed from Youngil Bank, I mean.
120 million won per month.
And after 6 months, we'll have to start
paying off the loan while paying interest
so we'll need around
three times that amount.
Let's start offering delivery, too.
Set up an app and a
delivery system in 15 days.
Yes, ma'am.
- And what about the other bait?
- It's ready, ma'am.
Release it when we start
offering delivery.
We have to wipe them out
in one fell swoop.
Understood.
What are you looking at so intently?
Huh?
Um, it's nothing.
- What is it?
- I told you, it's nothing.
Why are you hiding it
if it's nothing? Let me see.
I told you, it's nothing!
Why are you being like this?
This just makes things
seem more suspicious.
I'll kiss you if you don't show me.
Oh, jeez.
Here, look, look.
Huh? The words on the screen changed.
If you're done with it, give it back.
What do those English words mean?
None of your business.
Why does it say plus 20?
I said it's none of your business!
Oh.
You've been counting the days
since... that day, huh?
You're so quick on the uptake.
So make sure you do everything properly.
If not, "Happy Day" might
change back to "D-Day" again.
And if that happens,
we'll really have no hope.
To some people, it may seem like
I just changed some words around.
But not to me.
That was the day that I felt
hope for the first time.
And the first day that I'd ever
entertained the idea of being happy.
Because of you.
Make sure you keep your promise.
Make me happy, no matter what.
Understand?
Yeah.
Thanks for being by my side.
And for making me happy, too.
Why do you keep staring at me?
You're making me feel uncomfortable.
Because you're good-looking.
- What?
- I said, you're good-looking.
It's true. You seem more charismatic
the more I look at you.
How do I put this?
At first, I thought you were
nothing but a useless diamond
but now, you seem like you've
become a very useful pebble.
Was that actually supposed to
be a compliment?
- Of course.
- Hey, come on.
You sure have a way of making even
your compliments sound like insults.
You love it, though.
Sweet dreams, Pebble!
Ugh, please, stop it. I feel like
I'm going to have a nightmare.
Stop it.
Wait a second.
Oh, thank the heavens!
Thank you so much!
Thanks for making me into
a useful pebble.
I'm more thankful.
If you hadn't been there, Mr. Jin Kyu
I would've been crying
by myself every day.
Mr. Jin Kyu.
Hmm?
Is it okay for me to love you?
Do you want to love me too, Mr. Jin Kyu?
All right, then.
- Close your eyes.
- Fine.
Good night.
Wait!
I think I forgot to brush my teeth.
Hey, what--
Wait just a moment!
I'll be right back.
What are you -- you're not supposed
to do that in the middle of a kiss!
I'm sorry! It'll only take a second.
- Be ready to make out when I come back!
- Ugh, forget it!
- I'm going to bed!
- It'll only take a second!
Just a moment!
This is the delivery course.
150-100.
218 in 2-Gudong, and 38 in Gildong.
Then 158 in Chonyukdong-dong.
Doonchon 2-dong, 126.
And then there's 152 in 2-dong.
I'm back!
- CEO Choi!
- Oh my gosh, you surprised me!
- Why, this dog--
What do you want?
Dog? Yes, indeed!
How'd you know?
Whoa, a knife!
Whoa.
- Section Chief Na!
- Oh, CEO Choi!
Come outside! I've prepared
an event to help you out.
Welcome, welcome!
Hello!
You can take a photo with a
"Strongest Deliveryman" deliveryman
and a cute dog!
Come into the corner!
One, two!
The president of Youngil Bank,
that rotten bastard.
President Kim Jong Hyun of
Youngil Bank is a total son of a bitch.
Welcome--
Mister!
Yeah, hey, Kang Soo.
Long time no see.
And you too, Soon Ae.
I was talking with Kang Soo when he
was at the detention center
and your name came up, Soon Ae.
So I came, just in case.
But it really was you.
Yes.
Have you been doing well?
Well, more or less.
Why did you end up in
the detention center?
When you deal with
money often...
misunderstandings happen.
But it's all been resolved now.
Soon Ae.
You...
can't be treating me like this.
Your father and I were like brothers.
I'm sorry.
That was why it was that much
more hard for me to tell you.
You're quite scary once you
spring into action, after all.
It would've all been resolved if
I just disappeared quietly.
All right.
Let's keep in touch from now on.
Please eat here before you leave, sir.
Next time.
Are you Lee Dan Ah, Young Miss?
Yes.
You're pretty.
So this is why Kang Soo thought
about you every night.
All right, see you next time.
- Goodbye, sir!
- Take care!
Goodbye, sir!
Wow, you sure disclosed a lot to
someone you met in the detention center.
Sorry. We talked about a lot of things
every night, and the topic came up.
Jeez, you gossiper!
But, what's the relationship between
the boss and Ms. Soon Ae?
How did they meet?
None of your business.
Hey!
Ms. Soon Ae used to be famous as
the daughter of a really rich man.
And the boss was a gang member who'd
received orders to kidnap her.
She's not here, either?
Go look in the basement.
Yes, sir.
Hey, go to the basement!
And so, the two of them started
meeting up secretly.
And Ms. Soon Ae even asked him
to run away with her.
But I think the boss lost his chance
while he was hesitating.
Oh, so that's why she's always
so hard on him?
Jeez, you've turned me into
a gossiper too, now!
Pretend that you don't
know about this story!
If Ms. Soon Ae finds out,
I'll get in trouble.
All right.
Kang Soo.
Yeah?
Let's make a promise.
No matter what happens, let's not
break up in a stupid way.
And that, no matter how difficult
something may be, we'll do it together.
Promise me.
All right, I promise.
Stamp.
Sign!
Scan!
Laminate!
Seal.
Oh, jeez.
The preparations are complete.
Begin.
- Yes, ma'am.
Wow, we're saved
thanks to Kang Soo!
Oh, I'm so tired!
I'll lock up the restaurant so
you should go home, Boss.
Oh, really?
Oh, I'm sorry for always
imposing on you.
It's okay!
But in exchange, give me a
raise if the restaurant does well!
Money has been a bit tight lately.
All right, all right!
I'll give you a huge raise
if we just get past this hurdle.
I'll leave it to you, then!
All right, see you tomorrow.
Okay!
- Goodbye!
- All right, bye!
Excuse me!
Oh, we're closed for the day.
I'm not here to eat.
I wanted to talk to you.
What, exactly?
I'm not the owner here.
I'm just an employee.
Yes, I know. And that's why
I've come to see you.
There it comes!
- Hello, everyone!
- yes, hello!
You brought the newly-
harvested rice, right?
Oh, of course!
It's gleaming!
Hey, bring me a bag
of the newly-harvested rice.
Sure.
Oof.
Here, ma'am.
Yes, in there, please.
- Excuse me.
- Who are you?
I'd like to meet with you
after you're done with work.
Why would I meet with you?
You'll see when you come by.
Be sure to come...
if you don't want to cause
any harm to Mr. Choi Kang Soo.
[Jung Family Foods
Chief Park Sang Do]
What?
I said, I can send you
back to jail if I wanted to.
Sorry, lady, but that incident
is all over now.
No, it's not.
Special violence isn't a crime that
can't be persecuted for
without a victim's complaint.
Even if the victim says
that it's all okay
they have to re-open the investigation if
a third party reports it to the police.
And judging from what
I saw on the CCTV footage
you even came into
Jung Family Seolleongtang
threatened Oh Jin Kyu, and
damaged our property.
You'll have to pay for
those crimes, too.
Report me then, woman.
I'll just rot away in there
for a couple of years.
What kind of crap is this?
I didn't call you over here
to blackmail you.
What did you say?
I'm going to use this to blackmail
Choi Kang Soo instead of you.
You and Choi Kang Soo
are quite close.
So he'll definitely falter if
I threaten to send you to jail.
Or he'll do whatever it takes to put
the blame on himself again.
At any rate, he'll be so miserable
that he'll go crazy.
Choose.
Do you want to become a traitor,
and be miserable?
Or...
do you want to make Choi Kang Soo
miserable because of you?
Why, you little--
Bring over all the guys
who work under you
and come to Jung Family.
We're starting a delivery service, too.
Oh, you're here?
Wow, you came at the perfect time!
Hurry over here!
What brings you here?
What else? To eat ramen, of course.
But, where did you go off to
by yourself?
Just to get some fresh air.
You get plenty of fresh air making
deliveries, and yet you went out again?
Were you off letting loose?
Crazy bastard.
Yes, CEO Choi.
That joke fell flat.
I'll pretend that I didn't hear that.
Yes, your sense of humor is
not exactly palatable.
Oh... oh wow, that was a bad joke, huh?
Let's eat up, everyone.
Oh, there aren't any
chopsticks for you!
Here. I didn't put my mouth on this. I
only used it to portion the noodles out.
This is what's wrong with you.
- What do you mean?
- Take care of feeding yourself first!
Instead of thinking about
feeding others first!
You're not just some
other person to me, though.
What am I, then?
My Lord.
Please eat up, my lord!
This food is truly nutritious!
What's with you, Kang Soo?
I guess CEO Choi is in a good mood
since business is booming.
We have to work even harder at times
like this, when things are going well.
Running a business is all
about credibility.
We always have to be consistent.
Got it, everyone?
- Yes, sir!
But, where did Sung Jae go?
He was gone when
we woke up this morning.
Yes?
Big trouble, Kang Soo!
Jung Family Foods started
offering delivery, too!
What?
Oh, you're here!
Look!
They were handing these out when I was
heading to work this morning!
What do we do now?
Huh?
What's that?
Sung Jae!
What are you doing right now?
They said they'd pay me a lot,
so I switched over.
I want to make some big bucks, too.
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
- What?
- Hey, have you no conscience?
Kang Soo even went to the detention
center because of you!
That's why I switched over.
A CEO like him who is so nosy
won't be able to make any money.
Anyway, that's why I switched over.
So don't be too sad about it.
- Kim Sung Jae!
- You guys are doing great now, anyway.
It won't be a problem even if a couple
guys like me drop out, right?
Hey!
I was an orphan.
Guys like me can only become
psychos when they have no money.
So try to be understanding, yeah?
Sorry.
I'll be going now.
How could Sung Jae,
of all people, do that to us?
Wow, money really does
buy everything, huh?
It wasn't because of the money.
Sung Jae definitely isn't someone
to be won over by money.
It's definitely something else
besides money.
Jeez, Kang Soo.
There's no surer reason
than money out there!
No, I'm sure of it.
You'll really need to get
your head on straight.
I think that they did this
with you as their main target.
They could've gotten deliverymen
from other places.
But they stole away your friend
from your hometown, of all people.
They definitely did this in order
to make you waver.
Does Jung Family
really stoop that low?
They're capable of worse things,
in my opinion.
Let's get to work for now.
Jung Family is delivering too.
Now, it's a real war.
Everyone, get to your battle positions!
- Battle positions.
Kang Soo...
It's okay.
He'll be back.
He always comes back if I wait.
So, Team Manager Kim. How is the work?
Let me know if you need anything.
Kang Soo won't be ruined
because you do this.
You'll end up a fool in the end.
Have some manners.
Leave him be.
If thinking that makes you feel better,
go ahead.
You can get going, Team Manager Kim.
How is the bait that's being
put out in the restaurants going?
The food products will be
handed over today.
Sorry. Excuse me.
You've mixed in imports with the
domestic so it's very hard to tell.
Still, experts know the difference.
The seafood and red chili powder
all have Chinese products mixed in.
You are in violation
of certification of origin.
No, that can't be.
It really is domestic.
It really is!
Kang Soo, what's going on?
I don't know. I don't know either.
What the heck!
I thought it was 100 percent domestic.
I refuse to pay.
Oh, wait!
What's going on?
Min Chan, go to your hometown and
find out what happened.
Yeah, okay.
I'll go with you.
We'll visit the other restaurants.
Why did the inspectors suddenly come?
Why only that restaurant of all places?
Apparently, someone called in a tip.
A tip?
What are you going to do now?
We could lose Sunjin Construction.
I'm sorry.
Please give us time to find out
what happened.
Convincing me alone won't do it.
The employees are calling for me
to break this contract.
Their pride is very hurt.
What good is an apology?
How can they lie about the food source?
That's all for show.
They'll do the same thing again later.
I know.
People who lie about food disgust me.
Don't let them off the hook.
Cancel the contract.
[Written Apology: We apologize.
We sincerely apologize.]
Because of the rumors about the
food origins...
customers aren't coming anymore.
If Sunjin Construction turns on us,
we'll be ruined.
All because of you,
we're all going to be ruined.
What are you going to do?
Why are you blaming me?
I really don't know a thing.
You sold off the domestic goods and
bought imports to use.
You're going to keep blaming an
innocent person?
All I did I was use what Kang Soo brought
and cook food with that.
You really won't stop, will you?
Gosh, this is so frustrating.
Wait.
Do you think Kang Soo fooled us?
- What?
- Think about it.
I really only used what Kang Soo
brought me.
That means he could've fooled me.
Isn't that true?
Kang Soo... they've all gone home.
Let's go.
Get up.
Kang Soo.
President Park here
insists it really wasn't her.
We've seen her morning and night for
20 years.
I doubt that she'd lie.
Tell us. Was it you?
You wouldn't lie to us, would you?
What do you think you're doing?
We're just so frustrated is all.
What are you so frustrated about?
Even if you are,
are you as frustrated as him?
Why are you getting angry at us?
- Are you feeling guilty about something?
- What?
Why would you react this way?
Oh, it must be true.
You did lie to us.
You lied and said they were domestic
and made some money off us.
You made money off of us through
the deliveries too.
You acted like you cared about us
on the outside.
Behind our backs, you were using us.
Are you finished?
Where are you going?
Aren't you going to answer us?
Why you...
I'm warning you.
Don't you dare touch him.
If you lay one finger on him,
I won't let you be.
Yesterday, it was you people giving
him a thumbs up when you saw Kang Soo.
You completely change in one night?
He's your hero when you make money
and a bad person when you lose money?
- Look at the way you're talking to me.
- Why?
Did I say anything wrong?
You people are all trash.
You throw away pride, trust, conscience,
and everything for some money.
This country is becoming more like hell
because of people like you.
That's enough.
Let's go.
Kang Soo.
Kang Soo, we got a fax from
Sunjin Construction.
They want to cancel their contract
with us.
Kang Soo.
Go.
I'm tired. I'm going to sleep.
I'm all right.
Don't worry.
See you tomorrow.
You're here?
Yes.
You're up early.
Yeah.
- Did you sleep well?
- Of course.
Did you two have breakfast?
You haven't, right?
Kang Soo, what do you want to eat?
Since it's breakfast,
do you want crispy rice stew?
No, I'll just eat black bean noodles.
Still, man...
Then how about I make stir-fry
black bean noodles.
No, just regular black bean noodles.
All right, sure.
Sunjin Construction contacted us asking
to meet tomorrow.
They've canceled their contract
with Strongest Deliveryman.
They want to sign with Jung Family,
who came in second.
Good work.
Proceed with the rest of our plans.
We need to use this opportunity to
destroy Strongest Deliveryman.
That way, they cannot challenge us again.
Yes, CEO Jung.
Your parents seem to have a hard life.
Shouldn't you be a good son to
them now?
Are you doing background checks
on me too?
If we want to scout you,
of course we need to.
I heard that you were the most important
employee at Strongest Deliveryman.
You have a great background, as well.
It would be a waste of your talents
to stay at a company that's closing soon.
Come to Jung Family.
We'll give you many opportunities to
develop your skills.
Oh, how nice of you to show up
early in the morning.
Thank you, customers.
Good luck to you today.
See you again
on the fifteenth of next month.
Hey, go see that guy.
We have a customer to tend to.
My gosh.
The interest is so high.
How are we going to pay off that
interest next month?
All the restaurants are going under and
it seems like our company is too.
Should we follow Sung Jae and
work there?
- What?
- I'm just saying...
We need to live first.
How can we betray Kang Soo though?
This isn't the time for loyalty.
We could lose all our organs,
at this rate.
Our organs?
Yes, people like that drag you away
if you can't pay the money.
Then they take out your organs.
Oh no.
What do you want?
Why are you here!
Jung Family's delivery is honest
about its food origins.
Jung Family's delivery does not
fool its customers.
Jung Family's delivery has integrity.
Jung Family's delivery is honest about
it's food origins.
Jung Family's delivery does not
fool its customers.
Jung Family's delivery is honest
about its food origins.
Jung Family's delivery does not
fool its customers.
Jung Family's delivery has integrity.
Then... will thing's become difficult
for Mister's company?
I don't really know.
This is all my mom's fault, right?
Jin Kyu.
Hmm?
You're not going to hate me too, are you?
Why would I hate you?
I'm the daughter of Jung Family.
You moved out.
Now, you're an independent individual.
Right?
Your hand.
Young Taek and Byung Soo...
they resigned.
They want me to tell you sorry.
They'll probably work for Jung Family.
Orders are no longer coming in through
the Strongest Deliveryman app.
I don't think we'll be able to get paid
for the food products we provided either.
We need to pay this month's wages too.
What should we do?
How much money does the company have?
The 100,000 won investment from the
delivery guys is 38.1 million won.
No, don't touch that.
Besides that...
there's about 40 million won left
from the 100 million won investment.
Then use that for the monthly wages.
Pay Sung Jae, Young Taek, and
Byung Soo too.
Pay the insurance too.
Then that investment money will be gone.
There's nothing left.
What next? What will you do after that?
What were you talking about?
- Just some stuff.
- About money?
I know the basics too.
There's nothing left once this month's
pay goes out, right?
Yes.
- Then I'll invest my money.
- What?
Keep it a secret from Kang Soo and
make up a story to hide it.
Like say your hometown people helped
you or something.
- Dan Ah...
- No!
Not that money.
Kang Soo.
You should go, Min Chan.
Pretend you didn't hear that.
Yeah, okay.
What do you think you're doing?
- You worked so hard to save that money.
- Why not?
I'm making an investment too,
just like you.
Accept it. Why can't you?
I'm making an investment in you.
- Still, you can't.
- Then what will you do?
Tell me.
You're not giving up like this.
Have this.
Your throat hurts.
I'll take the garbage.
I might move to a different company.
Where to?
A bigger company.
The pay is better.
It's much more stable.
Then what about Strongest Deliveryman.
I heard things are tough right now.
Can you leave at a time like this?
Then don't go.
If you think you'll regret it,
it's best not to do it at all.
That's how it is for me right now.
I threw away my pride to make money.
Because of that,
I'm miserable every night.
It feels like I threw out 300 million won
just to earn 3 million won.
It's a lot colder now.
Make sure to turn the boiler on.
I'm going to go now.
I'll take you home.
Are you going to run again?
Yes.
Kang Soo.
Yeah?
You're really okay, right?
Yes.
Are you really?
That's good then.
I'll head inside.
Okay. Good night.
Okay.
Dream of me.
All right.
You should get going.
Then what's going to happen to
Train Guy?
Is it going to end like this?
Is it going to stop?
No.
He'll beat this.
He'll beat this and run again.
How?
Is there a way?
I don't know.
But, he will overcome this.
He is Kang Soo.
He can do it.
What if he can't manage to do it?
Then what will you do?
Are you going to leave?
No... I won't leave.
I made a promise to him not to leave.
Is he really okay?
Talk to me, would you?
Dan Ah.
I'm sorry. I have a favor to ask you.
Don't look for me.
I'm leaving.
- You should leave too.
- Kang Soo...
Go to a place where there is hope.
Go there and be happy.
Kang Soo!
I...
want you to be happy.
Kang Soo!
I really want you to find happiness.
Kang Soo...
I'm sorry...
I couldn't keep my promise to you.
Kang Soo.
I'm sorry.
Kang Soo!
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Strongest Deliveryman]
I've never been afraid of failure before.
This time I was scared.
All I need is you by my side.
Jin Kyu, you don't regret it?
When the poor feel used by the rich,
that's when they feel the worst.
People who have no strength should
stick together.
Did CEO Jung order you to do it?
Do you have CCTV here?
Can I see it?
She came because she was worried
about you.
Why did you do that to my father!
I have to fight until the end.
They have to be punished.
You're a hero to me.